ROX-24175: add vuln-mgmt export API (#77631)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/vulnerability-management-export-workloads.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-vulnerabilities.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="vulnerability-management-export-workloads_{context}"]

> = Exporting workload vulnerabilities via the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Exporting workload vulnerabilities by using the API
```
IBM Style prefers not to use "via"

[role="_abstract"]

> This section provides example use cases to export workload vulnerabilities using {product-title}. In this context workloads are composed of deployments and their associated images. The export makes use of the `/v1/export/vuln-mgmt/workloads` streaming API. It allows the combined export of deployments and images. The `images` payload contains the full vulnerability information. The output is streamed and has the schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export workload vulnerabilities in {product-title} by using the API. 

For these examples, workloads are composed of deployments and their associated images. The export uses the `/v1/export/vuln-mgmt/workloads` streaming API. It allows the combined export of deployments and images. The `images` payload contains the full vulnerability information. The output is streamed and has the following schema:
```

Reviewer: The abstract part just needs to be a simple description of the feature (It's for the doc publishing site to show as a "preview" kind of) so I split the paragraph.

> +

Reviewer: don't need `+`

[source,json]
----
{
  {"result": {"deployment": {...}, "images": [...]}},
  {"result": {"deployment": {...}, "images": [...]}},
  ...
}
----

> The following examples assume that these environment variables have been set:

Reviewer: need space after this line so that the bullet points display properly
![Screenshot 2024-06-28 at 8 35 13 AM](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/96192119/14b53b1d-92f8-4a84-b940-391f55f504f7)

> * `ROX_API_TOKEN`: API token with `view` permissions for the `Deployment` and `Image` resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ROX_API_TOKEN`: API token with `view` permissions for the `Deployment` and `Image` resources
```

> * `ROX_ENDPOINT`: Endpoint under which Central's API is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ROX_ENDPOINT`: Endpoint under which Central's API is available
```

* Export all workloads.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $ROX_API_TOKEN" $ROX_ENDPOINT/v1/export/vuln-mgmt/workloads
----

> * Export all workloads with a query timeout of 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To export all workloads with a query timeout of 60 seconds, enter the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $ROX_API_TOKEN" $ROX_ENDPOINT/v1/export/vuln-mgmt/workloads?timeout=60
----

> * Export all workloads matching the query `Deployment:app Namespace:default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To export all workloads matching the query `Deployment:app Namespace:default`, enter the following command:
```
